They told us if we have a
republican house and Republican
Senate will man.
Are you going to see us take on
the Prezi United States?
Then that they sent tax reform
to the president's desk know
that they repealed and replaced
Obamacare?
Like they promised they would
know.
Are they defunding Planned
Parenthood?
Like they said they would know
this is a well the president
won't allow it or we have
filibuster rules till the
"filibuster Rule, and that's why"
I'm so frustrated angry with
Congress.
They're not getting the job
done and they need a president
who's going to drag them to it.
America leads is responsible
for the content of this.
Advisor.
